In previous tutorial, I told you how we created everything.
So this is basically audio I already created and this is inside the audio method and it's very simple
and this audio method.
So it is similar to a librarian deal, but it's required somebody or part already created.
In this tutorial I'm going to create some sublets and all part and in the next region I'm going to deploy
this on the server.
So let us create how we can create this order.
So let me close this part first.
Okay.
So now what is required methods we need here?
Let us see.
First is ADD because we need to add some book here.
So let me create one.
Solid, which is basically an inside solid.
Next deployment is.
Well, let me close this part.
It will create me some default things here.
Let me close this.
And know what I'm going to do is I'm going to import some exceptions and everything here first.
Due to different libraries I'm using now, I'm importing some methods here, which is basically bin.
And so I'm importing.
Beams Dot store.
I'm importing.
Be a star.
So it will ask me for every method inside that package.
So no need to add it again and again.
Let me create one annotation here, because I mentioned here and wait a minute.
Because.
So let's not.
So we are done with this.
Now, let me add some methods here.
So this is our book in part.
So as you can see, this is done, but we need to create some more methods also, which is basically
ad book form and everything.
So we will create it later.
We are now focusing with this on you.
So this is basically I'm creating print, write statements and everything, and this is all about human.
And this is a dispatcher and I'm including this part.
So what is doing this?
It is assuming call, number, call and all these parameters with that form, name and book.
Then book is saved successfully if this is done and save into the bin part.
Or ad or book form or letter L segments, and it will print that and it will be redirect to that part.
So this is book Java.
Let me create one another thing, which is basically add book form.
We haven't created a book form method here.
Why it is required because.
The.
We created admin log in.
Similarly, we need to create this part also.
And book form first.
Then close this one.
I am just to copy wasting the codes basically because I'm concerned.
I don't want to focus on that part.
I'm going to focus on the simpler things here first.
So let me import some libraries.
Default libraries, then let me import some.
Bill, don't start because I'm going to mention that part also here.
Or then let me create one annotation here.
Your first.
And let me add some default things again.
Well, so.
So this is all about this thing and this.
So that's okay.
So now we are done with add ons, but we need to create some HTML files.
In the next tutorial I'm going to tell you how we are going to create the HTML files.
So this is all about this add book form, so do the ad book.
But from what will we do?
It will use that bootstrap and cases form that purpose.
It's back in part, but it should be very helpful while deploying in the servlet.
Similarly, we are remaining with ADD Librarian method.
We created a librarian form, but we haven't created a librarian method because.
So.
Let me create that part.
Also add librarian, mention it to the web dot xml.
If we close this first.
Let me.
Jake this.
Then.
Import.
The Dot star.
Bing dot star.
So now I'm inputting everything here.
Now.
Let me.
You had some default in here.
Okay.
So now we're done with this ad librarian.
And why am I importing this part?
You will understand while deploying this in librarian HTML and everything, we need to invoke that part
and we are using that method with librarians being and being everything in the saved being also.
So this is all about how we can create.
So a librarian form is already created.
Admin login is also created but delete book is haven't created yet.
So let me create one delete book method because we mentioned that we are going to delete edit also issue
should also with logout admin also done, but logout librarian is never created, so we need to mention
some delete edit and issue book part first.
So let me create one delete book method here.
So let's solve it again.
This is delete.
Click finish.
Then if you are going to your ID, you will understand everything.
Let me delete this first if you want.
You can keep that part.
But.
I already mentioned that.
You can create some code already and you can use that again and again.
Let me import the method because for this we are creating that delete book part and let us create that
delete part.
Again.
This is basically.
So let's only.
This is no longer required because it's not overriding an exception.
So you can do that.
And let me check where is the view book?
So view book we haven't mentioned yet.
So we need to create a view book method also here.
But before this or.
We need to create some new book also.
So let me mention all the things here.
So I'm mentioning this, Soledad, because it's inside the Soledad.
If you check this ad librarian, you have to check all the things here.
The job also is extremely lonely, so no need to mention this.
Always give the fully specified names.
You.
Melinda Beebe I'm going to create some of book methods also.
So this is done, but delete librarian method is remaining over.
So in the next part, I'm creating only this and I'm going to explain this delete and everything.
So.
Let us create one.
Delete this part also.
So why am not mentioning this again and again?
Because it's very simple logic.
No, no, I'm telling you.
What is this?
Bookies do it, do it and everything.
It will get request or parameter using call number basically from the delete part and it will give you
the create servlet and it will display on the blue book part.
So this is all about these things.
So let me also.
So I'm what I'm doing is just I created all the parts, but I need to mention the methods inside the
solids because it's a controlling part.
So.
Let me.
Except this also because inside the deal only I mentioned all these things.
So I'm using the method again and again.
In view librarian method is also done, but.
So again, this will be delete librarian method using similar methods.
So in the folder things I'm going to create edit librarian.
Edit Librarian form issue issue librarian from logout librarian librarian log in then some written book
written book form view book form.
So I will explain it in the next video.
I will directly use that templates and everything in this video and I will explain this part in the
next video.
So you understand this part.
What I did is I just created the A0 and bean method, which is purely based on that part or logic.
But in the servlet method I'm creating some controlling part because we mentioned everything, but I'm
fetching all the data in the solids only and I am mentioning that in the and I'm using logic of the
EU and being packages insert servlet.
So this is it for this tutorial.
In the next thing I'm going to mention you and I'm going to tell you how I used everything here and
I, I will create some web pages also here.
So this is it for this tutorial.